In the last video we created the age team around CSSA for our home page.
Now we want to do is we want to implement the animation which is going to be very simple.
We're using our W3 CSSA framework which has built in animation.
OK so if we take a look at this page.
This is the different types you can have coming in from the top bottom left and right we can fade in
.
We can zoom and we can spin.
All right so what I want to do is the photos here on the home page.
I want these to fade in.
So what we'll do is take a look right here and this is what we're going to need.
We're going to need this class and we're going to put this on each image.
OK so let's grab this.
Copy it and go to our index page and on each image we're going to paste this in
.
So let's go ahead and try it and I can see that it just feeds in right now on the single page.
We're also going to use an animation.
So let's go ahead and create that.
OK so we're going to open up
a single dot each team.
We're going to open that with sublime.
All right.
And then what I want to do is I want to link each of these images to that that page.
So actually we'll just link the first one.
So let's see we're going to put a tag here that's going to go.
That's going to go to single dot aged him.
You could put it for the rest if you want but it doesn't really matter.
This is just the age to all this isn't the actual theme.
OK.
So now that's going to go to single HTML.
So I'm going to do is copy everything that's an index aged him out and put it in single.
OK.
And then we'll do all this stuff is going to stay the same.
The categories what we want to do is empty up this nine column div..
So we want to get all this.
OK so this is where we're going to put our single image.
So we're going to put in the article tag here.
OK and let's give it a class of host and then we're going to have a paragraph with the class of Madoff
and some of this stuff might change just a little when we actually create that theme.
Boy we're going to do is let's say posted at.
And then let's do some kind of time we'll just say 2:00 pm on say 0 3 29
2016 and then we're going to say bye Brad.
OK.
After that let's put on H.R..
OK and then let's put the actual image.
So we'll just link this to images slash 1. j
k and we want this to animate.
So we're going to give this class of W3 animate.
Actually let me just check that real quick.
I wanted it to come in from the right.
So
yeah we want that old b w 3 enemy right.
OK so that's the image.
And then under that I won another row.
So this will be W3 row
and then we'll have a column say W3 call and let's do all two cases where we're going to put the back
button
and then we'll have a 10 here.
OK now in the two we're just going to have to do a b.
Put a line break and then we're going to have a link that's going to go back to index each time out
.
And we're going to give it a class to formatted as a button.
So that will be W3 PTEN and let's say W3 red
.
And then on this side we're going to have the photo title
and also the description K description.
I'm just going to paste this little bit of sample text in.
All right so we'll save that and we'll go back to single.
And there we go we can see the image comes in from the right.
Now a couple things I want to do this is to close right here you can see it's there up against each
other this column in this column.
So we're going to do is we have an article with the class of post.
So I'm just going to add some padding to that post class.
So for that I will say padding 20 pixels.
And then I also want to add the class of Pech to that main image.
So right here we'll say pick.
Save that and check it out.
OK.
So now you can see that the photo actually fits in there.
And also we're not right up against the the side column.
So we have the title of the description and the back.
Awesome.
So that's going to be it for the H team l now in the next video are ready to start creating our WordPress
theme